---
title: Removing or Resetting NeuVector
taxonomy:
    category: docs
slug: /deploying/remove
---

### Removing NeuVector Deployment / Containers

To remove the NeuVector deployment on Kubernetes, use the same yaml file for deployment in the delete command.

```shell
kubectl delete -f neuvector.yaml
```

This will remove the services and container deployments of NeuVector. You may also want to delete the neuvector namespace, persistent volume and cluster roles and clusterrolebindings created in the deployment steps.

If you deployed NeuVector using a Helm chart or operator you should delete NeuVector using Helm or the appropriate operator command.

### Resetting NeuVector to an Initial State

In addition to deleting as discussed above and redeploying NeuVector, the following steps can be taken in Kubernetes to reset NeuVector, which will remove learned rules, groups, and other configuration but leave the NeuVector deployment intact.

1. Scale the controller deployment to 0.
2. (Optional) if a Persistent Volume is used, delete the persistent volume backup and registry folders created.
3. Scale the controller deployment to 3.

### Resetting the Admin Password

The admin password is the key to administering the NeuVector deployment and viewing the cluster network activities. It is important to change the password upon install and keep it safely guarded. If you have `kubectl` access to the cluster, you can reset the admin password to the default using the following steps.

Starting in v5.4.3, consul CLI access is disabled by default to harden NeuVector pod security. If resetting the admin password, you need to first disable `nv_protect` which is tied to the Enforcer where the Controller is running in order to access the consul CLI. The below `override.yaml` configuration can be applied by an admin user to disable `nv_protect` and allows for running your consul CLI directly in the Controller pods.

:::important

If using continuous delivery in your deployment, you can add a temporary admin user by enabling the attribute `always_reload: true` noted in the example `userinitcfg.yaml` in the [ConfigMap](/deploying/production/configmap/#complete-sample-neuvector-configmap-initcfgyaml) and then following the steps below.

:::

```yaml
enforcer:
  env:
    - name: ENFORCER_SKIP_NV_PROTECT
      value: "1"
```

1. `kubectl exec` into one of the Controllers.

    ```shell
    kubectl exec -it <controller> -n neuvector -- sh
    ```

2. Check that the admin entry exists and save the output JSON somewhere for safe keeping.

    ```shell
    consul kv get object/config/user/admin
    ```

    :::important

    Before continuing, make sure you've saved the output of command `consul kv get` into a file.

    :::

3. Take the output from the above `consul kv get` command and replace the `password_hash` string with the below string.

    ```shell
    c7ad44cbad762a5da0a452f9e854fdc1e0e7a52a38015f23f3eab1d80b931dd472634dfac71cd34ebc35d16ab7fb8a90c81f975113d6c7538dc69dd8de9077ec
    ```

4. Reset the admin account password back to the default.

    :::warning

    Replace \<UPDATED_consul_kv_get_output_with_new_password_hash\> before executing this steps command.

    :::

    ```shell
    consul kv put object/config/user/admin '<UPDATED_consul_kv_get_output_with_new_password_hash>'
    ```

    Example below: **(Do not execute without replacing with intended `<UPDATED_consul_kv_get_output_with_new_password_hash>`)**

    ```shell
    consul kv put object/config/user/admin '{"fullname":"admin","username":"admin","password_hash":"c7ad44cbad762a5da0a452f9e854fdc1e0e7a52a38015f23f3eab1d80b931dd472634dfac71cd34ebc35d16ab7fb8a90c81f975113d6c7538dc69dd8de9077ec","pwd_reset_time":"2022-03-24T20:50:15.341074451Z","pwd_hash_history":null,"domain":"","server":"","email":"","role":"admin","role_oride":false,"timeout":300,"locale":"en","role_domains":{},"last_login_at":"2022-03-24T20:49:32.577877044Z","login_count":1,"failed_login_count":0,"block_login_since":"0001-01-01T00:00:00Z"}'
    ```

    Response:

    ```shell
    Success! Data written to: object/config/user/admin
    ```

5. Login with admin/admin and change the password.
