---
title: Licensing
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

### Licensing

Please contact NeuVector at support@neuvector.com to obtain a trial or production license. In Settings -> License, click Renew to generate a license request.

If the license is missing or invalid, no Enforcer is allowed to connect to the Controller, and the managed node count will be 0. A message on the dashboard's banner section also indicates the license is invalid.

In order to initiate a request to obtain the license, the user can browse to the License page. After clicking the "Request code" button, the user should input the contact information and number of container nodes to be protected in the popup dialog box. A system-generated license code will be displayed. Users should copy the code to  email and send it to support@neuvector.com.

A license key will be generated by NeuVector and sent to the user. Normally, a license includes the expiration date and maximum number of container nodes the system protects. The user can go back to the same License page, paste in the license key, click "Activate" button, then the new license will be applied.

Note: Certain features such as Multi-Cluster management require the license key to include the number of remote clusters which have been licensed or other paid features.

License renewal and update follows the same process.

The license key is tied to the node where the Controller/Allinone container is running. It cannot be used in other NeuVector systems. If you wish to run the Controller/Allinone on a different node, please contact support@neuvector.com.

Each cluster requires its own license key.

####License Request Summary
1. In the console go to Settings-> License and click ‘Renew' in upper right
2. Click 'Request Code’ and fill in the info, most importantly the number of Nodes for this cluster (just estimate # of months, as our sales team will verify this), then ‘Generate.’
3. Copy the License Request ID to an email or file, and be sure to keep track by the file name or title which cluster the license is for. You can also give this cluster a name in Settings -> Configuration to aid in this matching but the license file does not enforce by cluster name.
4. NeuVector will email you the license file.
5. Paste the license into the License code box and click ‘Activate.’

NOTE: If you have a cluster-wide failure and the host where the license was generated is replaced, you may need to request a new license.
